now everyone and I like the video I am
seva attends the canal by swallowing books
I'm going to make the top 10 or the top 10
books that I read in this 2014
it's not really in any order or
it is not that from the best to the worst or
from the worst to the best but they are from books
that I liked a lot and that I would like
name them in this video because they deserve
worth a book that I liked very much
it's 2014 was under the same star of
shonn greene I think everyone read
this book and if they did not read it they went to
see the movie or something because it was a
book that was fashionable in June in
July and I got sick of hearing things from
under the same star it's like
begins to generate a rejection until this
book of so much fury that there was
and of so much better star than there is in
everywhere on the internet in the streets
I go to small states now our
great star aphorism was like that
well, it was already like that, we already understood
I read it at the end of last year and
this year I had reread it when I went to
see the movie and I liked it very much
I think I 'll read it again not in a
moment because I really liked the
history is
and without a doubt they are the best readings of
this 2014 other what I liked very much
was to run or die for hefner that is the
first part of the trilogy of meis
runner this book is so good it 's like
that you can not believe that James Turner
have such a macabre brain no no no
macabre but a brain so like that
it seems so great the idea that there
some guys caught and that the only
exit is a labyrinth so I like
too much the book besides all the
things that are happening I like the
general television but certainly the
running to die was the best of the three
another crazy I liked too this 2014
it was legend emery I talked it from outside in
the group I do not know if they saw it but if not
they saw him pretend in the book they were going to
go to the moment of europe where I speak
of this book, the
idea this book is narrated from the point
of view of two characters totally
different but that are general the
two I really like this book and I do not know
what to say because it's like I feel
so many things that I'm speechless
another but great this 2014 was already
I ended up tahar amafi which is the
first part the trilogy of sutter min
this turn is also very good
great when for the idea of how
is written by how the book is but
outside it's beautiful I think it's the most
cute i have all of goodbye to this
book they also speak europe so
squeezing in the book they will look at the
motion of the video on the cable this
book casares shadows me celestial fire
is the last part of the main saga
of Shadowhunters because they are a
create these are reviewed favorites and
this book is like too much spend
so many things things like the end of
history have to solve the
conflict and in all the latest books
always and deaths and these deaths are
they stick too much the end is so good
but so good I really liked this book
and the saga in general I also like
too much going on to create I want that
you know that I love you when I found out that
another new trilogy of
Shadowhunters I got super happy
and I'm super eager to read it because
I do not want that casual one ends
there will never be a Shadowhunter the
one of the best reading of this year
she was also a mechanical princess who is the
third part of the trilogy of
origins also written by large house of
create this video I also like
too much and this trilogy also
Like very much
this book is without a doubt the best of the
three
a lot of things by the end all
what goes on all over is a very book
Well there are people who do not really like the
main saga but he really likes the
trilogy of this one so if you do not
will like to know the main thing of not the
opportunity I do not know if it's much better but
yes another book is very good
very good this 2014 was divergent by
chronic road which is the first part the
divergent trilogy when I read this
book could not believe that there is a book
that is as great as it was made the
society of this world as he lifted up the
extreme
I liked too much the only thing that did not
like the divergent trilogy is real
as you already know but the first book
divergent is great is terrific progre
I put 5 out of 5 stars because I liked it
too much other I think I liked it too
much of this 2014 was mockingjay that was
a rereading to see the movie goodbye
the first is that he had read Mockingjay not
he has paid a lot of attention to the
details because it's like I wanted to know
more more more more more more
now I read it more slowly and they hit me
much more all the things that happen the
deaths all the canis all so
they are just even more and it made me feel
even more and I will not get tired of
never say that the eyes of hunger is
my favorite trilogy of all
times another I think I also read that it is
great in this 2014 is the fifth wave and
Annecy This book is about an invasion
alien but it's like us
we usually see the invasions
aliens in the movies and everything
that is, it's like they're attacking
like the extraterrestrials are
up on a ship but it barely looks and
they are attacking humans from different
ways in the so-called waves in the
first wave cut all the whole
electricity in the second wave there was a
it's like the sea level rose in the
third wave a plague that spread
fast and many people died
and in the fourth wave it's like that of
suddenly the aliens were
in some people and you can not
trust nobody because they could kill you
and then this book tells you what the
fifth wave and it's a story too
good I'm going to talk about this book in
europe to give you more details now
we go to the video very long but
no doubt these the best books that
I read this year good here the last book
that also obviously could not miss
is annan de france crisis by stephenie
parkings that is the first part of the
trilogy of and friends kids I do not get tired
tell them that this book is in
Spanish is in Argentina is called a
kiss in paris is a very good book
I like history too much, it made me laugh
very much this book I like a lot
much much much much much did it a
review so get ready in the book
you are going to give the review but if this
book I really liked the characters
how the story of humor is narrated
everything is like I put 5 of 5 because
it's one of the perfect books let's say
because he has everything and good these
were 10 and 2 that I liked a lot
since 2014 I hope that this taste of
video I had not give you I like to comment
if they gave any of these books and
subscribe see you in the next
chao video